# spazer
DCBD 2023 Assignment 1

We utilize the structure of the HTML tree to extract potential addresses. All the preprocessing steps act directly upon the HTML tree generated by BeautifulSoup4.

Preprocessing steps (in order):

- HTML tags that cannot contain text, along with comments, are deleted.
- Tags with no text underneath them are deleted.
- Tags which provide no additional structural information, i.e. tags with a single non textual child, are replaced by its only child.
- To homogenize the structure of the Tree, we wrap any naked text, i.e. text with at least one sibling that is a HTML tag, is wrapped inside a ```<div>...</div>```.

Since the above operations were performed in a top to bottom fashion, the resultant HTML tree will possess the following properties:

1. A node is a text <===> it is a leaf.
2. Every non-leaf has children that are either all text or all tags.
3. Every non-leaf that is not the parent of a leaf, has at least 2 children.

Address identification:

We assume the following, in context of an address:

- It must have either a 6 digit number (zip code) or the name of a City/Village/District/State.
- The whole address (including email and phone) has around 70 words in total.
- The whole address resides within the tree rooted at the parent of the tag in which the zipcode/name of district is found.

The steps are outlined below:

1. Clear out the class attribute of every tag. This will be used to mark the desirable tags.
2. Iterate over the nodes whose children are leaves, and match each n-gram obtained from the strings under the node with an external database consisting of Indian Localities, and if not matched, with a RegEx for zipcode.
3. If a match is obtained, mark the tag with a '@'.
4. Start marking the tags around the matched tag with a '@'  until we run out of tags, or hit the total word count threshold.
4. Delete the leaves whose parent was not marked in the final step.

Postprocessing steps:

- Remove excessive whitespaces and newlines.
